With our base setup let's go back to our code and let's have a look at our place.
Service there we have our ad place method and thus far.
What we do here is we add that place to our local list of places.
Now of course we can do that but I also want to store that place on the server now because that is the
whole idea of having a back end.
This will allow the places to survive wife even if to use a restarts the app or uninstall it or anything
like that.
It of course also is necessary to share places between users.
So how do we store our data on a server then.
Well remember we're building an angular app here and in angular you have to be client to communicate
with back ends and therefore we'll use that here.
Now to use that you should check that in your app module you do actually add a special new import and
I'll add it here to start and that is the HP Client module.
Now the HP Client module here needs to be imported from at angular common age to the.
So from this path here this is required to unlock the injectable h to be client which we then can inject
into our various modules and components wherever we needed to send HBP requests.
So at does import here and add HCV client module to the imports array in the app module and with that
back into places service we can go to the start of this service here to the constructor and now not
just inject the off service but our own age to the client or I'll just name the property H to the P
here but the name is up to you our own h to be client service which is provided by angular.
So you do inject the type h to be client here and a should if your client is imported from at Angola
a common H to the P and that is now a service provided by.
So built into angular that you can use to send H to the p request.
Now we want to use that here at at place of course we're creating our new place object here and we want
to store that on a server.
Now actually what I don't want to build here or I don't want to construct here is the idea though instead
firebase will generate a new idea for us that I want to use that instead will then be a real guaranteed
unique idea and therefore I want to send the place without the I.D. Q firebase now can we do that.
There are various ways one of the easier ways is to simply copy that place object and replace the idea
with null when we're sending this.
So let's start setting this by accessing this HCV and now for Firebase and probably for a lot of rest
api is if you want to create something you send a post request and with angular is HBP client you do
that by using the post method here.
Now you first of all need to enter Do you are L2 which you want to send the request and that would be
this you are L you find here in your firebase real time database so I had it here but then that's the
special a nice thing about firebase you add your own segment here to give the the folder so to say under
which the data should be stored a name right now we have no folders here it's empty down there because
we haven't added anything but that will soon change.
So I will named is offered dash places but the name is up to you.
And now a special thing about firebase you always need to add dot Jason at the end.
This is not required by ionic or by angular.
This is really just a firebase U R L thing.
If you are using a different rest api you probably don't have to add this.
So this is the U R L.
The second argument in this post Bamford then is the data we want to send in here all create a new javascript
object and copy all the properties of new plays but I'll overwrite the I.D. property then and set this
to now and this will essentially then not store it on firebase because I don't want to store my I.D.
there I want to instead let firebase generate a new idea and then use that now angler as in many other
places uses observable behind the scenes when working with h to DP requests.
So in the end what I can do here is I can return this and now we can subscribe to that anywhere where
we want to start this because it will not send the request before a subscription has been set up but
all that where we want to listen to that just the one thing of course is I still want to have my my
place here and update my places whenever we're basically done adding this therefore we'll have to combine
this places observable to which we're listening with our H2 observable here.
Hence I will add the pipe method here at the end of my age to the p request chain it in that pipe method
I now can work with the result of this first observable.
So basically with the response of this H to the p request for a start let's simply have a look at that
and therefore here I will add tap.
I will have my response data in here and it will simply console log the response data so temporarily
our app will be broken.
I will comment out this unnecessary return statement here it's important that you still returned as
HDTV request though so that your average code where you subscribe to that observable from inside the
component.
So in our case from inside the new offer page component that disco is still works this subscription
here subscribe mythical only works if ad place returns and observable which it does right now.
So let's give this a try.
Let's save everything and let's have a look at our application here.
Let's go to offers and let's add a new offer test does this work.
The price and some dates here of course like that and submit this and this looks pretty good.
Id finished it showed us the loading spinner so something took place.
Remember that we commented out our own observable change and we commented out our delay in place.
Service so this here is clearly not what cost to spend or to show up and here on the right you see that
console log and that is the response by firebase.
This is essentially the unique I.D. it generated.
It gives you an object with a name field and that holds the unique idea.
And if we have a look at Firebase here this should live update you now see this new offered places.
Node here and in there you see that same unique idea.
And under that idea you will have the data for your place which is pretty nice of course.